README.md, before:

# NU_T5_Project_1

# Project Title : Exploring Infrustcural Support for Alternative Fuel Availability in the ChicagoLand Area 

# Team Members: Lisa Maccio Marretto, Jesus Vilora Paolini, Patrycja Pekala, Mike Lynch, Peter Austin


# Project Description / Outline:

There is a growth movement for switch to Eelectic Vehicles (EV) and we need to discover/determine if the ChicagoLand Area has the infrastructure to meet the needs for EVs. 

# Research Questions to answer:

Is the Infrastructure growing? -> Tendency . Define Growth and how to test it?
Where is the concentration of AFA?  -> Map 
What is the best city / place that has the majority / Diversity AFA? Define Best?
What is the dominant AFA Fuel Type in the ChicagoLand Area? One with most records
Explore the geographical locations AFA for ELC and other fuel types -> Plot (meaningful and reading to questions) 
Explore the stations owned by the given types of owners -> Number. Steps for explarotory analysis

# Datasets to be used:
https://data.cityofchicago.org/Environment-Sustainable-Development/Alternative-Fuel-Locations/f7f2-ggz5/data 

Alternative Fuel Locations (Updated:  2023)

# Rough Breakdown of Tasks:

Commit message:

Updated README with the questions and corrected typos

README.md, after:

# NU_T5_Project_1

# Project Title : Exploring Infrastructural Support for Alternative Fuel Availability in the ChicagoLand Area 

# Team Members: Lisa Maccio Marretto, Jesus Vilora Paolini, Patrycja Pekala, Peter Austin


# Project Description / Outline:

There is a growing movement for switching to Electric Vehicles (EV) and we want to discover/determine if the ChicagoLand Area has the infrastructure to meet the needs for EVs. 

# Research Questions to answer:

1. What is the alternative Fuel Availability by ZIP Code or State?
2. What is the stations abundance accross cities in NE Illinois?
3. How many alternative fuel types does Chicago offer?
4. Explore the geographical locations of AFA for ELC and other fuel types
5. Has AFA increased over the recent years?
6. Who owns the stations? How could owners be incentived to offer more services?

# Datasets to be used:
https://data.cityofchicago.org/Environment-Sustainable-Development/Alternative-Fuel-Locations/f7f2-ggz5/data 

Alternative Fuel Locations (Updated: 2023)
